Meeting 2/23/21 (Tuesday)
Scribe: Rose
Members: Samuel, Rose, Evan 

Short planning meeting for the week
Decided to use notion for our deliverables, export for final submission with a link
Management plan for Friday 
Samuel creating list of tasks for this week
Rose start list of tasks for the semester to add to management plan. 
Adding to the notion for Architecture planning- adding software components
Concerns with time crunch for this week, need to digest the instructions more

Meeting 2/24/21 (wednesday)
Scribe: Rose
Members: Samuel, Rose, Evan

Meeting to discuss significant amount of work for the week, create plan for dividing the work.
Set tasks to complete initial task from project description so we have something to show Prof Kampe
Rose is delegated the management plan
Samuel needs to finish his preliminary component list by Thursday night so that Evan can draw up diagrams before lab Friday
Stay in contact over messenger, Rose and Evan can take on component descriptions where needed.

Meeting 2/26/21 (Friday in Lab)
Scribe: Rose 
Members: Rose, Samuel, Evan 

Went over architecture in lab with Prof Kampe, lots of things to work on, further consider, and work to do on the write up
Samuel is taking lead of document, agreeing in advance to take a slip day to make sure we can can work the architecture out completely before submitting
Evan and Rose decide to meet at 3 later in the day to delegate tasks, Samuel is busy so we will inform him over messenger

Notes from later meeting with Evan and Rose 
  We each will perform one in depth component analysis, then split up the remaining components due by Saturday 6pm
  then we can work together on the document in a meeting saturday, split up remaining tasks, and meet again for review sunday
  
Meeting 2/27/21 (Saturday)
Scribe: Evan 
Members: Evan, Samuel 

Rose was unable to make this meeting due to failing to consider LA traffic into a trip
We met to discuss and talk through certain part of the architecture
Meeting Sunday morning will delegate the rest of the work and provide time to make sure were all on the same page
slip day turn in alleviates some of the pressure better to make sure were all up to date. 

Meeting 2/28/21 (Sunday)
Scribe: Rose
Members: Rose, Samuel, Evan

First meeting we were talking through the architecture diagrams together, making sure we all were understood, talked through data types
talked through the overall structure by building the miro diagrams together

Met later after a break due to a conflicting meeting to delegate sections, each work individually for overall review by Samuel before submission
Final review of management plan before submission

Meeting 3/05/21 (Friday in Lab)
Scribe: Rose
Members: Samuel, Evan, Rose 

Went over written feedack on preliminary architecture
Got a lot of feedback on our architecture from Prof Kampe by calling him into break out room to discuss
Discussed potential times for future meetings over weekend and delegation of work, difficulut with spring break and midterm

Meeting 3/06/21 (Saturday)
Scribe: Rose
Members: Rose, Evan 

Discussing changes to be made
Difficulties scheduling and spring break travel made making the preliminary changes from Prof Kampes comments as a group difficult
Rose is going to take on initial reworking of written sections for clarity before camping
Samuel sent task breakdown in messenger, delegated sections to fix up between Samuel and evan (keep track of who is doing and finishes what in messenger)

Meeting 3/13/21 (Saturday)
Scribe: Rose 
Members: Evan, Samuel, Rose

This was the meeting where our architecture was reviewed by round up

Meeting 3/14/21 (Sunday)
Scribe: Rose 
Members: Evan, Rose, Samuel

We first met for 30 minutes to discuss our notes on the architecture and how we wanted to conduct the meeting

Then we conducted our review for FridgeMaster


