Meeting 3/26/21 (Friday)
Scribe: Evan
Members: Samuel, Rose, Evan 

Short planning meeting for the weekend, since lab was off this week
Decided Evan will take on the api-related component
Samuel guided us through template creator related code for Rose
Discussed the difficulty of making the template creator component, determined it will be a lot of work for arguably nonessential functionality
Decided to just make one or two base templates for now
Rose to set up the tasks in the management plan today (Friday)
All to sync over messenger and meet on Sunday to touch base on P3A progress
